Update README.md (#1)
brainhack-ch/interpret-iqms: README.md

# Interpreting the IQMs of MRIQC

In this project we want to improve the interpretability of the Image Quality Metrics (IQMs) generated by MRIQC.

**What is MRIQC?**

> MRIQC is an open-source tool to assess the quality of MRI images. It generates visual reports for every scan, as well as a number of IQMs which are collected in a group-level report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MRIQC is an open-source tool to assess the quality of structural and functional MRI images. It generates visual reports for every scan, as well as a number of IQMs which are collected in a group-level report.
```
I would precise because as for now diffusion is not supported by MRIQC

**What are IQMs?**

Image Quality Metrics (IQMs) are automatically generated metrics that reflect different aspects of the quality of an MR image. In the [MRIQC paper](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0184661#pone-0184661-t002) on table 2 you can find an overview of the IQMs and what they are measuring.

**What data do we use?**

> We will use the [Movement-Related Artifacts (MR-ART)](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01694-8) dataset. It contains the T1-weighted images of 148 healthy subjects. For every subject, there are images in three conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use the [Movement-Related Artifacts (MR-ART)](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01694-8) dataset. It contains the T1-weighted images of 148 healthy subjects. Each subject has been acquired under three motion conditions:
```

1. no head movement
2. little head movement
3. much head movement

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The motion was artifically induced by giving the subjects cues when to node their head.
```
I think it is important to precise that the motion is tightly controlled.

**How are we approaching the problem?**

We are using two different approaches to this problem.

> 1. We use dimensionality reduction techniques such as PCA, ICA, or Factor Analysis to find summary dimensions that combine the metrics with potentially redundant information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We use dimensionality reduction techniques such as PCA, ICA, Factor Analysis or TSNE to find summary dimensions that combine the metrics with potentially redundant information.
```
I'm working on TSNE :)
